♫ Your smile is so sweet with those crooked eyes ♫
♫ The way you run towards me is especially beautiful ♫
♫ Your smile is not that simple with those crooked
corners of your mouth ♫
♫ Why do you always appear when I make a fool of myself? ♫
♫ All the summer seasons are not as romantic as meeting you ♫
♫ Am I giving you romance or warmth? ♫
♫ All the time in the world cannot compare to my
feelings for you ♫
♫ Because it is you, I will believe in eternity ♫
♫ You are the courage I will protect as if my life depends on it ♫
♫ With you protecting by my side, I have a sense of security ♫
♫ I especially love everything you give me ♫
♫ The two of us together is a small sweet satisfaction ♫
[The Love Equations]
[Episode 1]
[Pride and Prejudice]
[Detective Zhou]
[Two-Faced Person: Bloodthirsty Forensic Scientist]
[Author: Zhou Xiao]
Forensic Scientist?
Female corpse?
White powder?
Cell phone?
Evidence?
Zhou Xiao!
Hold on, I'm working on something.
What's the matter with this child?
I'm talking to you, why are you ignoring me?
What are you doing?
I'm writing something.
- Do you want to bring bibimbap sauce?
- Yes.
- What about olives?
- The canned fish?
- Yes, bring everything.
Why are you so weird today? When I asked you yesterday, you didn't want to bring anything. And now you'll bring everything.
If I say I won't bring it, you'll pack them in anyways.
What did you say?
Nothing, I said Mom is the best person in the world.
What about your dad?
Children who have dads are like precious gems.
Living expenses. Count it.
Cash?
Dad, you're so old-fashioned.
Who still uses cash? Everyone uses WeChat Pay these days.
Talk to your dad with more respect.
Ask your mom for Wechat Pay. How about these face masks?
Put it in my bag.
Okay.
I think we have a problem. Do you have the results from the last experiment?
It's in the computer. I'll look it up.
Don't take off your mask so suddenly.
I've known you for so long, but I'm always stunned by how handsome you are.
But my mom won't let me date a forensic scientist.
[Two-Faced Person: Bloodthirsty Forensic Scientist]
[Author: Zhou Xiao]
"Two-Faced Person: Bloodthirsty Forensic Scientist?
The victim didn't die from drowning.
The murderer made it look like the victim was washed onto shore by the waves.
He violated the victim, but before he could
put the victim's clothes back on, he was discovered.
So he had to flee from the scene of the crime."
A person who was swept away by the waves,
upon discovery, is usually completely naked.
The water flow undresses people faster than actual people.
It's not bad, right? Isn't it hilarious? It's all nonsense being said in a serious way.
Last time, I saw that the author said they got into our school's Chinese Department.
Shi Guoguo, don't use the lab computer to read these pointless stories.
Why is it pointless? Professor Hu follows it with me, too.
Refresh it. Let me see if it's been updated.
[Great! I personally think this is still readable. At least the character development is there just the logic is a bit odd.]
[What the hell? Aren't you updating today? Where is it?]
Hello?
You didn't come to pick me up from the airport.
It's enough that I'm picking up your phone call, why would I pick you up? Did you bring my present?
Do you have a conscience? You didn't even ask how my competition went.
Oh right. How did your ABC competition go?
It's the ACM International Collegiate Programming Contest.
Are you even my friend?
I've already told you before.
I first got the gold medal in National Olympiad in Informatics in Provinces.
And then Southern University's ACM Team asked me to participate in the ACM Contest in advance.
I've already told you so many times already.
Can you pay more attention to my achievements?
Okay, okay. I got it. I got it.
Did you bring my present or not? Did you get home?
Listen carefully. Where am I?
Hello? Hello?
Who told you to be so mysterious? Where's my present?
No way, Cai Yasi.
Are you this stingy? I can't believe you went abroad and didn't bring me back a present.
How is that possible? How could I not bring you a present?
I brought you a snack that everyone in Russia loves.
Really? Give it to me.
International candy.
I'm ending our friendship.
Even if you don't like it, don't throw it away.
You should've caught it.
A netizen praised me.
Read the comment for me.
A netizen named Guo Guo Shi said, the author is too funny. Besides...
Besides what?
Besides having no logic and speaking nonsense.
You're actually pretty optimistic, you only hear what you want to hear.
You're not going home? Can you not stay in my room?
Do you think I want to stay here? I don't have my house keys and no one's home. It's a good thing that your mom took me in.
So, tomorrow, when your dad drops you off at school for registration, can I tag along?
[Xiaomihu Face Mask]
Sure, no problem.
We're so close...
How could I leave you behind? Tomorrow morning at 8:00, meet downstairs.
[South Exit No. 2]
- Professor Hu.
- Xiao Zhao, where are you?
Professor Hu, I'm at the High-Speed Rail Station picking up the new students.
Wow, you've changed a lot.
You're even actively participating in group activities now.
Looks like it's a good thing I forced you to run for the student association.
Isn't this because you threatened me saying if I didn't become the student association president,
you wouldn't let me be your assistant?
Our field is already seen by outsiders as mysterious. A lot of people are prejudiced against it.
And you're so reserved and antisocial.
If you don't open up, people will think there's something wrong with your personality.
I did it for your own good. It means I see a lot of potential in you.
Professor, why did you call me?
I accepted to be a consult for a new case. I've emailed you the documents.
Look through them and write up an analysis report.
Okay.
Make it detailed,
I hate writing reports the most.
Got it. Bye-bye.
Fanzhou, all the students who reserved pickup online are here.
We're just missing a student from the Chinese Department, Zhou Xiao.
She's not picking up her phone.
Can you try contacting her on QQ?
Take everyone else back to school first. I'll try to contact this new student.
Okay, I'll leave it to you.
[19940964687]
Why are there two unknown numbers?
[Two-Faced Person: Bloodthirsty Forensic Scientist]
Hello, this is Zhao Fanzhou from Southern University Student Association. I'm here to pick you up.
Where are you?
Hello, right now, I'm at...
What should I do? I think I missed my stop.
Get off and buy a return ticket.
Okay.
[Unknown Number]
Classmate, it's me. You can stop calling.
If you keep calling, my phone's going to die again.
By the way, right after your QQ video call ended, I was going to buy a ticket on my phone.
But guess what happened? My phone died.
So I looked through my wallet, but I only had a few dollars left.
I was in such a panic, but it's a good thing I'm smart. I used my computer to charge my phone.
My reflexes are quick, right?
The student association pickup time was an hour ago.
Sorry, I made you wait for so long.
I'll treat you to some drinks as my apology.
- No need. Let's go.
- Wait!
But I'm hungry. I came out so early in the morning and haven't eaten yet.
Can I buy something first before we leave?
Five minutes.
Okay! Thank you!
Can I borrow ¥100?
My phone is dead again. Once I charge it, I'll pay you back immediately.
Thanks.
Young lady, hurry up. I'm not allowed to park here.
Almost done, Sir! I brought too many of the World Classics.
It's crushing the luggage.
- Okay, hurry up.
- Okay.
Hold this.
World Classics?
Don't look.
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to.
Classmate, I'm sorry for taking so much of your time. Let me treat you to milk tea.
No need.
You don't need to be so polite. My mom told me not to trouble others without giving anything in return.
[Case Consulting Document]
I didn't see clearly, wait...
What's wrong with this chair? I just fixed it yesterday.
Sorry.
Say, Zhou Xiao, this child, isn't she too unreasonable?
We said we would take her to school, but she just went on her own.
She just left a note, it said
"Mom, I'm going to go register by myself. Just let me venture into the world."
Venture into the world? Go where? To cause trouble?
Can you rest your mouth for a bit? You've been talking for two hours now.
Let our ears rest for a bit, too.
Auntie is right.
Here, here, here.
Here, Auntie stewed some pig trotters.
You need to be full to have the energy to teach her a lesson. Come on.
Take a big one, okay?
Enjoy.
We're almost there. Don't make him eat it.
Thank you, Auntie. It's delicious.
See?
Oh right. Here.
Auntie, this isn't right. My mom didn't give Zhou Xiao a red envelope either.
Oh, these are toothpicks. I'm afraid it might get caught in between your teeth.
It's toothpicks!
Thanks, Auntie.
Hey, classmate.
Do you want to drink milk tea now? I'll unwrap the straw for you.
What do you want to do now?
I want to tie my hair up.
I just need this.
All done.
Even this works?
My phone is charged. I can pay you back now.
[Wechat Pay: ¥100]
Two-Faced Person: Bloodthirsty Forensic Scientist?
Last time, I saw that the author said they got into our school's Chinese Department.
This is a novel that I'm serializing online.
If you're interested, I can send you the link.
You can help me increase the number of views.
You seem to be prejudiced towards forensic science.
It's not that. Don't you think a forensic scientist is perfect for a perverted killer character?
I think Chinese language students are not necessarily suited to write novels.
Psycho. So cold.
Zhou Xiao? Zhou Xiao?
Hi, Uncle and Auntie.
Hello, hello, classmate.
We're Zhou Xiao's parents. This is her friend.
Where's Zhou Xiao? Which bed is hers?
There's only someone called Zhu Lu who is here. The other roommates aren't here yet.
What?
Not here yet?
How come she's still not here?
- I'll call her.
- Call her, call her. Hurry.
Should we just call the police?
Don't be ridiculous!  Just call her first!
Sorry, the number you called cannot be connected right now.
Cannot be connected?
This child. Cannot be connected?
Uncle. Auntie. Don't panic. I'll check her location.
Check what location?
I found her. She's not at school yet.
She's not at school yet? What's wrong with this child?
Uncle, Auntie. Don't worry. I'll bring her back.
- Okay.
- We'll leave it to you.
Wait. When you see her, wring her head off for me.
Use one hand for her head and carry her luggage with the other hand, okay?
- Uncle. Auntie. Don't worry. Leave it to me.
- Okay.
- Don't worry about the stuff here. Go get her.
- Don't worry.
- All right, thank you.
- Thank you. Call us when you find her!
[Prime of Life Will be Eternal for Sentimental Students]
[Southern University]
On the left is the registration center. On the right are the dorms. I still have some things to do, I'll get going.
Okay. Thank you, Senior. Sorry for troubling you today.
Scared me to death.
Zhou Xiao, is something wrong with your brain?
Why are you yelling at me?
Hurry up and call your parents. Auntie packed up two-days worth of luggage for you.
You think you can get away with it just like that? You wish.
Hello, Mom?
Don't call me mom. I can't handle it.
Did you plot with your dad to make me die of anger so he could get a new wife?
What are you saying in front of her classmate?
Even if my dad was going to get a new wife, it has nothing to do with me.
Hurry up and come back here.
Mother Dearest, please don't be mad. I'll go register first. I'll let you yell at me all you want when I come back to the dorm.
Don't try to talk your way out of this. You'll see how I'll discipline you later.
Mom, I love you.
Okay, I'm hanging up. This kid.
I'm going to go register. What about you?
Me too.
What do you have in here? It's so heavy.
It's none of your business. Just go.
Is it rocks?
It's so hot!
You're all covered in sweat, stay away from me.
It's your fault. If it wasn't for you, would I need to come all the way over here?
Besides, look!  All the other girls know how to hold umbrellas, you only know how to type.
(T/N: da san = hold umbrella, da zi = type words)
What's wrong with me typing words? If I get famous one day, you better not sell my autographs.
I don't need your autographs. I just hope that one day, I can rely on you to share an umbrella.
Then my life will be complete.
I'll let you die happy today then.
What is it?
Airplane.
Look!
You actually brought an umbrella?
Yeah, my dad stuffed it into my bag yesterday.
Let's go.
Zhou Xiao, you're not going to share your umbrella with me?
I'm carrying your luggage for you!
- You're a guy, don't you think using an umbrella is too girly?
- Being girly is better than dying from the heat.
Do play by yourself. Don't bother me.
Wait. Let go.
My registration is in Building 1. Where's yours?
I'm in Building 2, that way.
I'm leaving then. Bye-bye.
You can leave but you should leave the umbrella with me! You don't want your luggage?
Bring the luggage to my dorm room!
Wrong again!
- Who is it?
- Professor Hu.
Come in!
Didn't you go pick someone up at the station? Why are you back so soon?
Professor, on my way here,
I've already outlined the report. Can you check if the list is correct?
If there's no problem, I'll write it for you tonight.
It's pretty comprehensive, but you should take note
death by aconitine poisoning happens very rarely.
But it's also precisely this that we need to be extra careful.
We can't rashly eliminate the probability of suicide or homicide.
Okay, I will pay attention to that.
Just write according to what is listed in this outline.
My dear president, when are you coming to the new student registration?
We're busy to death!
I'll be there soon. I'm hanging up.
Professor Hu! Professor!
You can go. Go.
Participating in more social activities is very important for you.
Okay, I know.
- Wrong again!
- Xiao Zhou.
(T/N: Xiao meaning little is used as an endearment)
Y-You come here and teach me how to play this.
I'm not playing, I'm...
practicing for experiments.
Right.
This was mailed to me by one of my former students.
It looks easy but it's not really.
I haven't been able to do it all morning.
Terrific! Terrific!
Professor, I'm leaving.
Okay, you can go.
Right! Remember to find time and bring over the teaching material. I'm going to use it tomorrow.
Got it.
How talented.
Is anyone there? No?
Fine.
Classmate, wait a moment!
Hey, why is it you again?
I should be the one asking you that.
Wait, wait!
Classmate, my hair is stuck in the umbrella. Can you help me get it out?
Don't move.
Be gentler.
Thank you.
Thank you!
[Joint Registration Area]
Fanzhou, you're here.
Excuse me.
You're finally here.
Why are you here?
She came to register. She said she was your neighbor growing up.
I didn't see you coming so I dragged her over to do manual labor.
This does count as manual labor. I didn't have anything else to do anyway.
Why were you looking for me?
I didn't see you go home all summer so I thought to come and wait for you.
I was doing experiments with the professor all summer.
Stamp it.
After you put away your luggage, you can go to Building 2.
The second floor to get your books.
Hello, Mom?
My phone can't go on the internet. I'm really bored.
I'm busy right now. I'll call you later.
How long will that be? I'll call you again.
I'll call you when I'm done.
You don't pay attention to me.
Bye-bye.
Put away your luggage and remember to go get your books.
Next.
Fanzhou.
Thank you.
Chinese Department.
Isn't he the one you forwarded to me.
The Southern University's "campus grass" (T/N: best looking guy on campus)? In the Forensic Science Department?
It's him. It's him!
Look at his hands. He's actually wiping his hands.
- For someone with a hand fetish like me, I'm about to faint.
- His hands...
must look so cool holding a scalpel.
My God, he's too handsome.
So he's a forensic science major.
I even offended him. Is he going to cut me open?
Zhou Xiao!
- Tao Ling!
- What's wrong with you? I called you all morning and you didn't pick up.
It's my fault, it's my fault. You can stand in front of me.
The situation is too complicated! I'll tell you slowly when we go back to our dorm.
Let me finish reading this "Journey Under the Midnight Sun" peacefully first, okay?
Is it that good?
It really is! I can let you borrow it after I'm done.
No need, you know I don't like reading.
I've bothered you.
- Do you want to drink it?
- No.
What are you looking at?
Which one is our daughter's?
How should I know? Why don't you just wipe all of them?
Uncle. Auntie. Why don't I help you guys?
- No need, no need. Just stay there and eat the pig trotters. Eat.
- No need.
You just need to write down your name.
In a bit, go to Dorm 1's room 102
and then go to Building 1 to get your books.
[Mom]
Zhou Xiao, why are you crying?
The is so touching. Keigo Higashino's books are too good.
Also, don't you think the vibration of a phone, sounds like farting?
Listen.
This girl goes from crying to laughing so quickly.
Classmate.
- It's your turn.
- Sorry about that.
My name is Zhou Xiao, in the Chinese Department.
Hello, Mom.
First, go to settings.
Click on "cellular network."
Inside there's a "cellular data."
Did you click on it?
Why does Fanzhou keep looking at that girl?
It's done.
Bye-bye.
Remember to get your books.
Zhou Xiao?
It's fine, just sit and eat.
- Sorry.
- You guys are...?
Oh, we are your roommate Zhou Xiao's
mom and dad. We're helping you guys clean.
And you are?
Hello, I'm Zhu Lu.
Oh, Zhu Lu. Have you eaten yet?
I have pig trotters over there. Do you want to eat some?
No thanks.
May I ask... Who did this?
Not-Not me.
I did. Young lady, I did it. Earlier I used the water
to clean the bed and it might've accidentally dripped onto it.
- I'm sorry.
- Here, here.
Auntie will help you wipe it.
You can't wipe gouache when it's wet.
This Cai Yasi is so lazy. He just left your luggage with dorm management.
What-What's going on?
Hello, Professor, I'm sorry.
The paintings you wanted me to help you frame...
there's one that accidentally got wet.
I'm really sorry. Is there a way to fix it?
Okay. I'll come over right now.
Mom!
What is it? Why are you pushing me? Don't you want to spend more time with your mom?
- It's not that.
- Also, I didn't even deal with you for all the great things you did today.
I already apologized a hundred times to you today.
Fine, fine. I'll just tell you a few more things.
After that, I'll leave, all right?
Let me tell you. The one in your dorm, Zhu... What's her name?
- Zhu Lu!
- Zhu Lu.
Don't get into conflicts with her. She doesn't look like she can be trifled with, understand?
Why do you think that? Don't talk about them like that behind their backs.
- You silly child!
- Let's get in the car.
Fine, fine. I know.
I know. Your bag!
Fine, fine.
- Remember. Don't eat cold food and stay up late.
- Don't worry!
- October 1, you must come home.
- I will.
- Must come home, okay?
Definitely! All right, all right.
- Call us often.
- Don't worry.
- Dad, drive safe.
- All right!
Don't play with your phone too much. Don't stay up so late.
Okay, be careful.
- Bye-bye.
You haven't chosen yet?
Wait, wait. Almost.
- Tao Ling is waiting for us.
- Almost done.
Hello, can I have your Wechat?
Let me introduce myself. I'm a fourth-year Arts student.
When I was walking by, I saw you
and wanted to ask for your Wechat.
Here, you can scan my QR code.
(Japanese)
W-When I talk to you, you don't understand what I'm saying?
Yes?
Bye-bye.
Zhou Xiao, your Japanese is so good.
This is easy. Let me teach you. "Where should I dig for potatoes? Dig for potatoes in the suburbs."
"You can dig a whole bag-full. You can dig a whole bag-full."
You can say it like that!
It'll sound more like when you say it faster. "Where should I dig for potatoes? Dig for potatoes in the suburbs. You can dig a whole bag-full. You can dig a whole bag-full."
It'll sound just like Japanese. I learned it watching stand-up comedy with my dad.
You're amazing!
You scared me to death!
Tao Ling, do you have a grudge with fried food?
My mom never lets me eat this at home, and it wasn't easy to escape from her grasp.
I must avenge my diet.
Milk tea in my mom's eyes is like insecticide.
- So you were feeding me insecticide?
- Are you going to drink it or not?
- I'll drink.
- Drink.
What about you? What were you not allowed to eat?
My grandpa says to eat a bowl of millet porridge every day for the good of the stomach.
We're now beyond the reach of those enforcers. Why are you still so obedient?
(T/N: lit. the mountain is high and the emperor is far away)
It makes it look like the two of us are very unfilial.
Your millet porridge looks pretty good.
Can I have a taste?
It doesn't taste like anything.
Luo Wei, do you know?
Tao Ling's nickname from high school has been "Taste-a-bit."
She wants a taste of anything she sees. It's annoying.
Yeah, yeah. To be honest, I've had my eyes on your sweet potato chips for quite a while.
It looks really good! Can you let me have some when we go back?
Sure, I'll give you a big bag.
Then I want some, too!
Zhou Xiao, don't leech off Wei-wei's sweet potato chips.
You're the only one out of us three with an income. You have to support us!
How do I have an income?
You're writing novels right now!
I heard authors make a lot of money.
Tell me!  Did you make money?
I did make a bit.
How much?
¥82.
(approximately $11.65)
In one day? That much?
Two months.
What kind of expression is that? The beginning is always hard.
Then, what kind of novels do you write?
Forensic science. It's such a coincidence that our school has a Forensic Science department.
I've been having writer's block lately.
I'm already excited to go investigate!
What is this? It looks so cool.
Why is it her again?
Come out. How long are you going to keep hiding?
I didn't see anything. Please be gracious and let me go.
Then go.
I-It's you?
So you were moving the teaching material just now?
Otherwise?
I thought I entered a crime scene.
Don't play anymore. Give it back to me.
W-Why are you...
What? I can't go in?
So petty! You won't let me in when the door isn't even closed.
I should be the one asking you how you got in earlier.
The door wasn't locked.
Got it. You should leave.
Wait!
There's going to be a day when you beg me to go in and I won't!
Mom.
After we left,
did you cry?
No.
Don't cry later either. Don't embarrass yourself in front of your classmates.
I'll try to hold it in.
Hold it in?
Daughter, listen to your mom.
When are you going to military training?
Yeah, when's the military training?
I think it's the day after tomorrow.
We're not by your side. Drink more water and don't stay up late.
Also, don't drink beverages and milk tea.
Those are not healthy and aren't good for the body.
Don't worry, I'll give them all up.
Rest early. Bye, Mom and Dad.
You should go to bed early, too.
She already hung up. What are you doing?
You're crying?
She's just going to college. It's not like she's getting married. Do you have to be like this?
Don't laugh at me if I say it.
Do you miss home a little?
To be honest,
I've already held it in for a long time.
I also miss my grandpa.
[Preview]
- 30 push-ups.
- Yes, Sir!
- Student Zhou Xiao threw away a prohibited item.
- I didn't see anything.
- Come with me to the security station.
- Auntie.
- Auntie!
It's not like that.
Be gentle.
♫ Sunlight spilled into the wind’s embrace ♫
♫ There’s a bit of sweet air blowing our way ♫
♫ Ever since the day I first met you ♫
♫ I realized only a frame with you in it can be called a scenery ♫
♫ Silently experience all your feelings ♫
♫ Perhaps taking a step back will let me get closer ♫
♫ Thank you for giving me a pure friendship ♫
♫ You will also have a love that belongs solely to you ♫
♫ I’m so fortunate to have you in my youth ♫
♫ Only then will there be happy moments worthy to
be remembered ♫
♫ No matter where the future’s you will go ♫
♫ I will always accompany and support you to the end ♫
♫ I’ll be happy if you are happy ♫
♫ I have him tolerating my willfulness ♫
♫ Thank you for giving me a pure friendship ♫
♫ I will also have a love that belongs solely to me ♫
♫ I’m so fortunate to have you in my youth ♫
♫ Only then will there be happy moments worthy to
be remembered ♫
♫ No matter where tomorrow’s you will go ♫
♫ I will always accompany and protect you to the end ♫